well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
a concept I have brought up a couple of
times and every time I bring it up
there's a question about it so we're
gonna kind of delve into it a little bit
deeper tonight in the United States in
particular but this is true in most
countries every law no matter how
ridiculous no matter how stupid no
matter how trivial it seems is backed up
by penalty of death every single one and
the confusion sets in because death is
very rarely listed as a penalty for not
complying with the law you know during
the vaccine video you know people work
like nobody's gonna hold a gun to
someone's head and make them take a
vaccine during the draft video people
like that it's it's not government
violence they're just making them fill
out a form okay so what I want you to do
is think of these stupidest law you can
you can possibly imagine like the most
ridiculous one in your jurisdiction
whether it's collecting rainwater or
having solar panels on your roof
whatever the dumbest law you can think
of I always like to use jaywalking for
those overseas crossing the street in
the wrong spot I like to use it because
it's a law in most jurisdictions and
it's stupid
so you cross the street in the wrong
spot cop sees you writes you a ticket
you're not gonna pay this ticket you're
not going to be punished for crossing
the street okay so you don't pay the
ticket what happens next
first they try to encourage you extort
you into complying
they may suspend your license they may
send you a letter with a court date
whatever okay so you don't go to the
court date what happens the judge gets
mad right to bench warrant for your
arrest
and now the suspended license in the
bench ward or at the same place you know
normally
they don't dispatch somebody to go
arrest you for a bench warrant they wait
till you get pulled over so you get
pulled over you're sitting there in the
car what happens then now at this point
all you have done is cross the street in
the wrong spot and then refuse to be
punished for it that's it
you've committed no act of violence
whatsoever what happens they try to
arrest you they they're going to take
you out of your car physically taking
out of the car
cuff you throw you in their car and then
throw you in a cage you've done nothing
violent you're already having violence
visited upon you arrest is a violent act
so what's next
let's say you don't let them arrest you
you refuse to be punished for crossing
the street in the wrong spot and you
don't comply now if you have a decent
officer that will start off with pepper
spray but at the end of the use of force
continuum its death they kill you you
resist hard enough they kill you every
law doesn't matter which call you're
talking about at the end of the road is
a cop with a gun so that's why I'm
extremely reluctant to support many laws
because I don't ask would it be better
off for people if somebody did this I
ask is it okay to kill the person if
they don't because that's what's gonna
happen and I know that seems ridiculous
but if you look at a lot of the deaths
that have occurred there over pretty
ridiculous things if you're talking
about when cops kill somebody who's
resisting selling loose cigarettes can
get you killed
ask Eric garner
so that when I talk about the power of a
government gun or government violence
that's what I'm talking about
and then that's why a lot of a lot of
the positions I take may differ because
this this is a very real reality this is
a very real thing at the end of the day
at the end of the road whatever law that
is being suggested they will kill
somebody over anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night